chore: bumped deps, updated docs, updated endpoints, fixed `destroy()` (#15)
paritytech/asset_cli_tool: README.md

# Asset CLI tool 

* This tool is meant to help in interacting with the Asset Pallet (🚧**under active development**🚧)

## Run
* ``` 
	$ yarn
	$ yarn start 
  ```
* Then follow prompts on screen.

## Running a dev enviroment

> * To test the ledger integration you have to use an `asset-hub-polkadot-dev` chain which requires setting up a relay chain and attaching Kusama Asset Hub as a parachain. For this purpose, 

Author: Actually, we can use both Kusama Asset Hub and Polkadot Asset Hub, but westend is not currently set up as a possible endpoint. I can add it while I correct the docs.

> * To test the ledger integration you have to use an `asset-hub-polkadot-dev` chain which requires setting up a relay chain and attaching Kusama Asset Hub as a parachain. For this purpose, 

Reviewer: i would say that the easiest way to test the tool is against Westend for a external user, hence I think it makes sense to add it, yes

# Asset CLI tool 

* This tool is meant to help in interacting with the Asset Pallet (🚧**under active development**🚧)

## Run
* ``` 
	$ yarn
	$ yarn start 
  ```
* Then follow prompts on screen.

## Running a dev enviroment

* To test the ledger integration you can use an `asset-hub-polkadot-dev`, `asset-hub-kusama-dev` or `asset-hub-westend-dev` chain which requires setting up the relay chain and attaching the corresponding Asset Hub as a parachain. For this purpose, 
zombienet is the preferred choice.

* To run in a dev environment:
	* [Clone](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/) and build Polkadot's three binaries: `polkadot`, `polkadot-execute-worker` and `polkado-prepare-worker`,  with `--features=fast-runtime`, in order to decrease the epoch time for development, and copy it into the [zombienet folder](/zombienet).
  	* Download the latest binary for [`polkadot-parachain`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/releases) into the [zombienet folder](/zombienet).

> 	* Setup `zombienet` by downloading your OS's executable from the [latest release](https://github.com/paritytech/zombienet/releases) into the [`zombienet`](/zombienet) directory and editing the [`config.toml`](/zombienet/config.toml) file according to your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* Setup `zombienet` by downloading your OS's executable from the [latest release](https://github.com/paritytech/zombienet/releases) into the [`zombienet`](/zombienet) directory. Note: For macos users if permission is denied to run the binary you can `chmod 755 <file_name>` to allow permissions. 
	* Edit the [`config.toml`](/zombienet/config.toml) file according to your needs.
```

Took the same sentence from Tarik's
